.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH DPOCKET 1 "DECEMBER 2008" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
dpocket \- calculate descriptors on protein pockets.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dpocket -f
.I pdb-list
.B [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dpocket 
is a program written to calculate descriptors on protein pocket.

.I PATH/complexe1.pdb GTD
.I PATH/complexe2.pdb GTE
.I ...


.SH OPTIONS SPECIFIC TO TPOCKET

.IP -d
.I idist
.B [float]

Distance criteria used for one of the 3 definition of a pocket:
All atoms situated at a distance lower of equal that 
.I idist 
will be considerd as part of the actual pocket. We will then 
compare those atoms (using resname, atom type... in the pdb file) 
with atoms contacted by alpha spheres of each pocket found by 
fpocket.

This method is quite inacurate. The two others are much betters.
See the documentation for more information.

DEFAULT: 4.0

.B DEFAULT: The output of fpocket is not conserved.

.IP -o
.I pout_file
.B [string]

Path for the pockets statistics outputs file. This file will give 
information on the actual pocket found by fpocket for each set
of complexe/apo/ligand (eg. if she was found, her rank...).
Thus, each line of this file corresponds to one set of 
complexe/apo/ligand.

.B DEFAULT: stats_p.txt

.IP -e
.I gout_file
.B [string]

Path for the general statistics outputs file. This file will give the
percentage of good prediction using all criteria available and including
ranking informations.

.B DEFAULT: stats_g.txt

.IP -k
.B [no value needed]

Keep fpocket output information for each apo form.

.B DEFAULT: The output of fpocket is not conserved.


.SH OPTIONS SPECIFIC TO FPOCKET

.B Use man fpocket.

.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
.BR Developpers:

Peter Schmidtke

Vincent Le Guilloux <vincent.le-guilloux@univ-orleans.fr>

.BR Supervisor:

Pierre Tuffery

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dpocket (1),
.BR tpocket (1),


